<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20171229_10-K_edgar_data_1636051_0001185185-17-002676_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2771445</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>138827</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>203906</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>886675</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>886434</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>576452</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>22</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001185185-17-002676.hdr.sgml : 20171229
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20171229080140
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001185185-17-002676
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20170930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20171229
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20171229

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FUSE ENTERPRISES INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001636051
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				471017473
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-202948
		FILM NUMBER:		171279800

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		444 E. HUNTINGTON DR., SUITE 105
		CITY:			ARCADIA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91006
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5859397588

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		444 E. HUNTINGTON DR., SUITE 105
		CITY:			ARCADIA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91006

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001185185-17-002676.txt : 20171229

10-K
 1
 fuseenterprises10k093017.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the Transition Period from _________to _________

Commission File Number  333-202948 

FUSE ENTERPRISES INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Registrant s Telephone Number:   (626) 210-0000  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

Common Stock, $0.001 par value

None.

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None 

(Title of class)

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes  o  No    

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes     No    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     No    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  o  No    

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,   smaller reporting company,  and  emerging growth company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

Non-accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act.) Yes  o  No    

The aggregate market value of the Registrant s Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant based upon the closing price of the Registrant s Common Stock as of March 31, 2017 was approximately $17,650,000 (based on 17,650,000 shares of common stock outstanding held by non-affiliates on such date, $1.00 per share). Shares of the Registrant s Common Stock held by each executive officer and director and by each entity or person that, to the Registrant s knowledge, owned 5% or more of the Registrant s outstanding Common Stock as of March 31, 2017 have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the Registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.

The number of outstanding shares of Registrant s Common Stock, $0.001 par value, was 45,150,000 shares as of December 26, 2017. 

FUSE ENTERPRISES INC.

Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2017

PART I

1

ITEM 1   BUSINESS 

1

ITEM 1A   RISK FACTORS 

2

ITEM 2   PROPERTIES 

7

ITEM 3   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

7

ITEM 4   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

7

PART II

8

ITEM 5   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

8

ITEM 6   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

8

ITEM 7   MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

9

ITEM 7A   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

11

ITEM 8   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

11

ITEM 9   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

12

ITEM 9A   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

12

PART III

13

ITEM 10   DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

13

ITEM 11   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

14

ITEM 12   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

15

ITEM 13   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

16

ITEM 14   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

16

PART IV

17

ITEM 15   EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

17

Signature 

18

Table of Contents 

NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017 ( Annual Report ) of Fuse Enterprises Inc. (together with our direct or indirect subsidiaries,  we,   us,   our  or  the Company ) includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Other than statements of historical fact, all statements made in this Annual Report are forward-looking, including, but not limited to (a) our projected sales, profitability, and cash flows, (b) our growth strategies, (c) anticipated trends in our industry, (d) our future financing plans and (e) our anticipated needs for working capital. They are generally identifiable by use of the words  may,   will,   should,   anticipate,   estimate,   plans,   potential,   projects,   continuing,   ongoing,   expects,   management believes,   we believe,   we intend  or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that are inherently difficult to predict, which could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from our expectations, forecasts and assumptions. The following important factors, among others, could affect our future results and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements:

the uncertainty of profitability based upon our history of losses;

risks related to failure to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis and on acceptable terms to continue as going concern;

risks related to our international operations and currency exchange fluctuations; and

other risks and uncertainties related to our business plan and business strategy.

Any or all of our forward-looking statements in this report may turn out to be inaccurate. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks or uncertainties. Consequently, no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Actual future results may vary materially as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, the risks outlined under  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in this Annual Report.  In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this filing will in fact occur. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.

Our financial statements are stated in United States dollars (US$) and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. All references to  common stock  refer to the common shares in our capital stock. 

We undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events, changed circumstances or the occurrence of unanticipated events.

Table of Contents 

PART I

ITEM 1   BUSINESS

Overview and History 

Fuse Enterprises Inc. (the  Company  or  Enterprises  or  We ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on December 24, 2013.  Enterprises is currently a full service online marketing agency, but is exploring opportunities in the mining industry. On December 6, 2016, the Company incorporated Fuse Processing, Inc. ( Processing ) in the State of California. Processing seeks business opportunities in the mining industry and is currently investigating potential mining targets in Asia and North America.  Enterprises is the sole shareholder of Processing.  On November 28, 2016, 5,500,000 shares of the common stock of Enterprises, or 60.91% of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock, were sold by Pavel Mikhalkov and Aleksandr Kriukov in a series of private transactions to a new shareholder for an aggregate purchase price of $55,000 (collectively, the  Stock Sales ). In connection with the Stock Sales, Messrs. Mikhalkov and Kriukov released the Company from certain liabilities and obligations arising out of their service as directors and officers of the Company. In March 2017, Processing acquired 100% ownership of Fuse Trading Limited ( Trading ) for HKD1 (US$0.13). Trading had no operations prior to the acquisition by Processing, and Trading expects to be engaged in mining-related businesses. On May 26, 2017, the Company filed a Certificate of Change with the State of Nevada to (i) increase its authorized shares of common stock from 75,000,000 to 375,000,000 and (ii) effect a corresponding 5-for-1 forward stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock (the  Stock Split ).

Research and Development Activities 

Other than time spent researching our proposed business, we have not spent any funds on research and development activities to date. We do not currently plan to spend any funds on research and development activities in the near future. 

We are not aware of any environmental laws that have been enacted, nor are we aware of any such laws being contemplated for the future, that affect our current operations. 

Employees 

As of the date of this Annual Report we have four employees, all of which are full-time employees.  Our officers and directors are responsible for planning, developing and operational duties, and will continue to do so throughout the early stages of our growth.

Reports to Securities Holders 

We provide an annual report that includes audited financial information to our shareholders. We will make our financial information equally available to any interested parties or investors through compliance with the disclosure rules for a small business issuer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We are subject to disclosure filing requirements including filing Form 10-K annually and Form 10-Q quarterly. In addition, we will file Form 8K from time to time as required. We do not intend to voluntarily file the above reports in the event that our obligation to file such reports is suspended under the Exchange Act. The public may read and copy any materials that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, ( SEC  or  Commission ), at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NE, Washington, DC 20549.

The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.

1 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A   RISK FACTORS

An investment in the Company s common stock involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the following risk factors, you should carefully consider the risks, uncertainties and assumptions discussed herein, and in other documents that the Company subsequently files with the SEC,  that update, supplement or supersede such information for which documents are incorporated by reference into this Report. Additional risks not presently known to the Company, or which the Company considers immaterial based on information currently available, may also materially adversely affect the Company s business. If any of the events anticipated by the risks described herein occur, the Company s business, cash flow, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected, which could result in a decline in the market price of the Company s common stock, causing you to lose all or part of your investment.   

We are an  emerging growth company  under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. We cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our shares of common stock less attractive to investors.

We are and will remain an  emerging growth company  until the earliest to occur of (a) the last day of the fiscal year during which its total annual revenues equal or exceed $1 billion (subject to adjustment for inflation), (b) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of its initial public offering, (c) the date on which Enterprises has, during the previous three-year period, issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt securities, or (d) the date on which Enterprises is deemed a  large accelerated filer  (with at least $700 million in public float) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ).

For so long as we remain an  emerging growth company  as defined in the JOBS Act, it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not  emerging growth companies  as described in further detail in the risk factors below. We cannot predict if investors will find its shares of common stock less attractive because Enterprises will rely on some or all of these exemptions. If some investors find our shares of common stock to be less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for its shares of common stock and its stock price may be more volatile. 

If we avails ourselves of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements, such reduced disclosure may make it more difficult for investors and securities analysts to evaluate us and may result in less investor confidence.

The recently enacted JOBS Act is intended to reduce the regulatory burden on  emerging growth companies . We meets the definition of an  emerging growth company  and so long as we qualifies as an  emerging growth company,  we will not be required to:

have an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;

comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis);

submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as  say-on-pay  and  say-on-frequency;  and

disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation.

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an  emerging growth company  can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an  emerging growth company  can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. However, we have chosen to  opt out  of such extended transition period, and as a result, Enterprises will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that its decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable.

2 

Table of Contents 

Notwithstanding the above, we are also currently a  smaller reporting company , meaning that we are not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company and have a public float of less than $75 million and annual revenues of less than $50 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. In the event that we are still considered a  smaller reporting company , at such time are we cease being an  emerging growth company , we will be required to provide additional disclosure in our SEC filings.  However, similar to  emerging growth companies ,  smaller reporting companies  are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their filings; are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting; are not required to conduct say-on-pay and frequency votes until annual meetings occurring on or after January 21, 2013; and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC filings, including, among other things, only being required to provide two years of audited financial statements in annual reports. 

Decreased disclosures in our SEC filings due to our status as an  emerging growth company  or  smaller reporting company  may make it harder for investors to analyze the Company s results of operations and financial prospects.

We lack an operating history. There is no assurance our future operations will result in profitable revenues.  If we cannot generate sufficient revenues to operate profitably, our business will fail.

We were incorporated on December 24, 2013, and have generated $53,775 in revenues from sales and incurred $1,652,899 in operating costs since inception.  As of September 30, 2017, we had accumulated a deficit of $1,614,816. We have a limited operating history upon which an evaluation of our future success or failure can be made.  Based upon current plans, we expect to continue generating revenues. However, our revenues may not be sufficient to cover our operating costs.  We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in generating significant revenues in the future.  Failure to achieve a sustainable sales level will cause us to go out of business.

Our success depends substantially on the continued retention of certain key personnel and our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel in the future to support our growth.

If one or more of our senior executives or other key personnel are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, our business may be disrupted and our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. We are dependent upon Mr. Umesh Patel, our chief executive officer ( CEO ) and a director; and Mr. Umesh Patel, our chief financial officer ( CFO ) and a director. The loss of the services of Messrs. Patel or Viotto for any reason could significantly adversely impact our business and results of operations. Competition for senior management in the United States is intense and the pool of qualified candidates is very limited. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that the services of our senior executives and other key personnel will continue to be available to us, or that we will be able to find a suitable replacement for them if they were to leave.

We face intense competition in our industry. If we are unable to compete successfully, our business will be seriously harmed.

The market for online marketing services is highly competitive and has low barriers to entry. Our competitors vary in size and in the variety of services they offer. Many of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources, and an established client base. These competitors may be able to adapt more quickly to new or emerging online marketing technologies and changes in customer requirements. They may also be able to devote greater resources to the promotion and sales of their services than we can, or may adopt more aggressive pricing policies. If we fail to compete successfully against our competitors, our revenue could decline and our business could be harmed.

None of the members of our Board of Directors are considered audit committee financial experts. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results. As a result, current and potential shareholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our stock.

Members of our Board of Directors are inexperienced with U.S. GAAP and the related internal control procedures required of U.S. public companies. Management has determined that our internal audit function is also significantly deficient due to insufficient qualified resources to perform internal audit functions. Finally, we have not established an Audit Committee of our Board of Directors.

3 

Table of Contents 

We are a development stage company with limited resources. Therefore, we cannot assure investors that we will be able to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting based on criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework.

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. For these reasons, we are considering the costs and benefits associated with improving and documenting our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls and procedures, which includes (i) hiring additional personnel with sufficient U.S. GAAP experience and (ii) implementing ongoing training in U.S. GAAP requirements for our CFO and accounting and other finance personnel.  If the result of these efforts are not successful, or if material weaknesses are identified in our internal control over financial reporting, our management will be unable to report favorably as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and/or our disclosure controls and procedures, and we could be required to further implement expensive and time-consuming remedial measures and potentially lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports which could have an adverse effect on our stock price and potentially subject us to litigation.

We do not have a majority of independent directors on our Board and the Company has not voluntarily implemented various corporate governance measures, in the absence of which shareholders may have more limited protections against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters.

Federal legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, has resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures designed to promote the integrity of the corporate management and the securities markets. Some of these measures have been adopted in response to legal requirements. Others have been adopted by companies in response to the requirements of national securities exchanges, such as the NYSE or the NASDAQ Stock Market, on which their securities are listed. Among the corporate governance measures that are required under the rules of national securities exchanges are those that address board of directors  independence, audit committee oversight, and the adoption of a code of ethics. We have not yet adopted any of these other corporate governance measures and since our securities are not yet listed on a national securities exchange, we are not required to do so.

Our Board of Directors is comprised of two individuals, both of whom are also our executive officers. As a result, we do not have independent directors on our Board of Directors.  

We have not adopted corporate governance measures such as an audit or other independent committee of our Board, as we presently do not have independent directors on our Board. If we expand our Board membership in future periods to include additional independent directors, we may seek to establish an audit and other committees of our Board. It is possible that if our Board of Directors included independent directors and if we were to adopt some or all of these corporate governance measures, shareholders would benefit from somewhat greater assurance that internal corporate decisions were being made by disinterested directors and that policies had been implemented to define responsible conduct.

For example, at present in the absence of audit, nominating and compensation committees comprised of at least a majority of independent directors, decisions concerning matters such as compensation packages or employment contracts to our senior officers are made by a majority of directors who have an interest in the outcome of the matters being decided. However, as a general rule, the Board, in making its decisions, determines first that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us that those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. The company executes the transaction between executive officers and the company once it was approved by the Board of Directors.

Prospective investors should bear in mind our current lack of corporate governance measures in formulating their investment decisions.

4 

Table of Contents 

Landbond Home Limited, our largest shareholder, will have control over key decision making as a result of its control of a substantial amount of our voting stock.

As of December 19, 2017, Landbond Home Limited ( Landbond ), and its sole director, Mr. Yong Zhang, directly and indirectly owned 27,500,000 shares, or 60.9%, of our outstanding common stock. Landbond s beneficial ownership of 60.9% of our issued and outstanding common stock will give it the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted to shareholders for approval in the future, including the election of directors and any merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of their respective assets. This concentrated control could delay, defer, or prevent a change of control, merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of their respective assets that other shareholders support, or conversely this concentrated control could result in the consummation of such a transaction that other shareholders do not support. This concentrated control could also discourage a potential investor from acquiring our common stock, due to the limited voting power of such shares. As a shareholder, even a controlling shareholder, Landbond is entitled to vote its shares in its own interests, which may not always be in the interests of our shareholders generally.

The Company is subject to the 15(d) reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which does not require a company to file all the same reports and information as fully reporting company.

Pursuant to Section 15(d), we are required to file periodic reports with the SEC, such as annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, once our registration statement is declared effective, including the annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year during which the registration statement is declared effective. That filing obligation will generally apply even if our reporting obligations have been suspended automatically under section 15(d) of the Exchange Act prior to the due date for the Form 10-K.

After that fiscal year and provided the Company has less than 300 shareholders, the Company is not required to file these reports. If the reports are not filed, the investors will have reduced visibility as to the Company and its financial condition. In addition, as a filer subject to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Company is not required to prepare proxy or information statements; our common stock will not be subject to the protection of the going private regulations; the company will be subject to only limited portions of the tender offer rules; our officers, directors, and more than ten (10%) percent shareholders are not required to file beneficial ownership reports about their holdings in our company; that these persons will not be subject to the short-swing profit recovery provisions of the Exchange Act; and that more than five percent (5%) holders of classes of your equity securities will not be required to report information about their ownership positions in the securities.

The relative lack of public company experience of our management team may put us at a competitive disadvantage.

Our management team lacks public company experience, which could impair our ability to comply with legal and regulatory requirements such as those imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, ( Sarbanes-Oxley ). Our senior management does not have significant experience managing a publicly traded company. Such responsibilities include complying with federal securities laws and making required disclosures on a timely basis. Our senior management may be unable to implement programs and policies in an effective and timely manner or that adequately respond to the increased legal, regulatory and reporting requirements associated with being a publicly traded company. Our failure to comply with all applicable requirements could lead to the imposition of fines and penalties, distract our management from attending to the management and growth of our business, result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and have an adverse effect on our business and stock price.

If our costs and demands upon management increase disproportionately to the growth of our business and revenue as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies, our operating results could be harmed.

As a public company, we do and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses, including costs associated with public company reporting requirements. We also have incurred and will incur costs associated with current corporate governance requirements, including requirements under Section 404 and other provisions of Sarbanes-Oxley, as well as rules implemented by the SEC and the stock exchange on which our common stock is traded. The expenses incurred by public companies for reporting and corporate governance purposes have increased dramatically over the past several years. These rules and regulations have increased our legal and financial compliance costs substantially and make some activities more time consuming and costly. If our costs and demands upon management increase disproportionately to the growth of our business and revenue, our operating results could be harmed.

5 

Table of Contents 

We do not intend to pay dividends and there may be fewer ways in which you can make a gain on any investment in Enterprises.

We have never paid any cash dividends and currently do not intend to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future.  To the extent that we require additional funding currently not provided for in our financing plan, our funding sources may likely prohibit the payment of a dividend.  Because we do not intend to declare dividends, any gain on an investment in Enterprises will need to come through appreciation of the stock s price.

We may engage in future acquisitions involving significant expenditures of cash, the incurrence of debt or the issuance of stock, all of which could have a materially adverse effect on our operating results.

As part of our business strategy, we review acquisition and strategic investment prospects that we believe would offer strategic growth opportunities. From time to time, we review investments in new businesses and we expect to make investments in, and to acquire, businesses, products or technologies in the future. In the event of any future acquisitions, we may expend significant cash, incur substantial debt and/or issue equity securities and dilute the percentage ownership of current shareholders, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and the price of our common stock. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully integrate any businesses, products, technologies or personnel that we may acquire in the future, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.

There is a very limited public market for our common stock and; therefore, our investors may not be able to sell their shares.

Our common stock is listed on the over-the-counter exchange, and is thinly traded. As a result, shareholders may be unable to liquidate their investments, or may encounter considerable delay in selling shares of our common stock.  If an active trading market does develop, the market  price of our  common  stock is  likely to be highly volatile due to, among other  things,  the nature of our business and because we are a new public company with a limited operating  history.  Further, even if a public market develops, the volume of trading in our common stock will presumably be limited and likely be dominated by a few individual shareholders.  The limited volume, if any, will make the price of our common stock subject to manipulation by one or more shareholders and will significantly limit the number of shares that one can purchase or sell in a short period of time.  The market price of our common stock may also fluctuate significantly in response to the following factors, most of which are beyond our control:

-   variations in our quarterly operating results;

-   changes in general economic conditions;

-   price competition or pricing changes by us or our competitors;

-   new services offerings or other actions by our competitors;

-   loss of a major customer, partner or joint venture participant; and

-   the addition or loss of key managerial and collaborative personnel.

The equity markets have, on occasion,  experienced  significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market prices for many companies  securities and that  have  often  been  unrelated  to the  operating  performance  of these companies. 

Any such fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance.  As a result, shareholders may be unable to sell their shares, or may be forced to sell them at a loss.

Our common stock was accepted for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board and OTC Link during the year ended September 30, 2016. As a result, the application of the  Penny Stock  rules could adversely affect the market price of our common shares and increase your transaction costs to sell those shares.  The SEC has adopted Rule 3A51-1, which establishes the definition of a  Penny Stock,  for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has market price of less than $5.00 per share or within an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions.  For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, Rule 15G-9 require:

-   that a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks; and           

-   the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the

identity and  quantity of the penny stock to be purchased.

6 

Table of Contents 

In order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must:

-   obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the person; and     

-    make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the

person has  sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of

transactions in penny stocks.

The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form:

-   sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and 

-   that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction.

Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the  penny stock  rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock.

Item 2.    PROPERTIES

We lease office space in Arcadia, California for monthly rent of approximately $1,896 pursuant to a lease agreement with a term from January 1, 2017 to December 31, 2018.

Item 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

We may from time to time be party to litigation and subject to claims incident to the ordinary course of business. As we grow and gain prominence in the marketplace we may become party to an increasing number of litigation matters and claims. The outcome of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, and the resolution of these matters could materially affect our future results of operations, cash flows or financial position. We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings. 

Item 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

7 

Table of Contents 

PART II

ITEM 5   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

On August 8, 2016, our common stock was verified for trading on OTCQB under the trading symbol FSNT. Prior to that time, there was no public market for our stock. The following table sets forth for the indicated periods the high and low intra-day sales price per share for our common stock on the OTCQB for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016. 

Holders.

As of September 30, 2017, there were 35 record holders of 45,150,000 shares of the Company s common stock.

Dividends.

The Company has not paid any cash dividends to date and does not anticipate or contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the present intention of management to utilize all available funds for the development of the Company s business.

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

None.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds

The Company did not make any sales of unregistered securities during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017 that were not previously disclosed in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or a current report on Form 8-K.   

ITEM 6   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item.

8 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7   MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this report. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly under the heading  Risk Factors. 

Overview 

Fuse Enterprises Inc. (the  Company  or  Enterprises  or  We ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on December 24, 2013.  Enterprises is currently a full service online marketing agency, but is exploring opportunities in the mining industry. On December 6, 2016, the Company incorporated Fuse Processing, Inc. ( Processing ) in the State of California. Processing seeks business opportunities in the mining industry and is currently investigating potential mining targets in Asia and North America.  Enterprises is the sole shareholder of Processing.  On November 28, 2016, 5,500,000 shares of the common stock of Enterprises, or 60.91% of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock, were sold by Pavel Mikhalkov and Aleksandr Kriukov in a series of private transactions to a new shareholder for an aggregate purchase price of $55,000 (collectively, the  Stock Sales ). In connection with the Stock Sales, Messrs. Mikhalkov and Kriukov released the Company from certain liabilities and obligations arising out of their service as directors and officers of the Company. In March 2017, Processing acquired 100% ownership of Fuse Trading Limited ( Trading ) for HKD1 (US$0.13). Trading had no operations prior to the acquisition by Processing, and Trading expects to be engaged in mining-related businesses.

Results of operations for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 

Revenue

We have historically generated revenue from sales of our marketing and web development services directly to small and medium-sized business. We have acquired customers through direct telemarketing and referrals. We are currently seeking business opportunities in the mining industry and are investigating potential mining targets in Asia and North America.

Our gross revenue from consulting services related to website development, SEO consulting and online marketing for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 was $0 and $25,175, respectively. Our cost of revenues for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 was $0 and $7,027, respectively, resulting in a gross profit of $0 and $18,148 for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  The Company did not generate any revenue during the year ended September 30, 2017 due to the fact the Company did not receive any new orders for our consulting and website development services. The Company is also in the process of transforming its business by seeking new business opportunities in the mining industry.

Costs and Expenses

The major components of our expenses for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 are outlined in the table below:

The increase in our operating costs for the year ended September 30, 2017, compared to the year ended September 30, 2016, mainly included increased: salary expenses of $201,845, travel expenses of $367,138, legal fees of $78,203 and consulting fees of $657,929, as a result of the Company recruiting experienced personnel, advisors and consultants, and becoming more aggressive in seeking business opportunities for its development and expansion.  In addition to the online marketing and consulting business, the Company is actively seeking opportunities in the mining industries in Asia and North America.

9 

Table of Contents 

Non-operating expenses

Non-operating expenses were $38,529 for the year ended September 30, 2017 , compared to $0 for the year ended September 30, 2016.  The increase in non-operating expenses was mainly due to increased interest expense of $162,586 and financial expense of $1,800, which was partially offset by increased interest income of $105,686, net other income of $170 and consulting income of $20,000. 

Accounts Payable   Related Parties 

As of September 30, 2017 and September 30, 2016, the Company owed its directors and officers $0 and $27,405 respectively.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The table below provides selected working capital information for the periods indicated:

Liquidity 

During the year ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, the Company reported net loss of $1,557,825 and $43,140 respectively. 

If we are not successful in expanding our clientele base and establishing profitability and positive cash flow, additional capital may be required to maintain ongoing operations. We have explored and are continuing to explore options to provide additional financing to fund future operations as well as other possible courses of action. Such actions may include, but are not limited to, securing lines of credit, sales of debt or equity securities (which may result in dilution to existing shareholders), loans and cash advances from other third parties or banks, and other similar actions. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional funding (if needed), on acceptable terms or at all, through a sale of our common stock, loans from financial institutions, or other third parties, or any of the actions discussed above. If we cannot sustain profitable operations, and additional capital is unavailable, lack of liquidity could have a material adverse effect on our business viability, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Cash Flows 

The table below, for the period indicated, provides selected cash flow information:

We have generated revenues of $0 and $25,175 during the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

10 

Table of Contents 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities

Our cash used in operating activities for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 was $2,521,329 and $40,716, respectively.  The increase in net cash used in operating activities was mainly due to increased net loss of $1,557,825 and increased cash outflow for prepaid consulting expenses of $1,325,000,  which was partially offset by a capital contribution from an officer s salary of $16,667. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities

Our cash used in investing activities for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 was $3,939,598 and $0, respectively. The increase in net cash used in investing activities was mainly due to cash outflow for a series of notes receivable of $3,925,000 and cash outflow for acquisition of fixed assets of $14,598.  

Cash Flows from Financing Activities

During the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, we received proceeds of $0 and $35,300, respectively, from the issuance of the company s common stock; we had an increase in paid in capital of $2,038 and $0, respectively, through the payment for certain payables made by our management as capital contributions; and $6,869,818 and $0, respectively, from the issuance of a note to one of our major shareholders.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements

As of September 30, 2017, we did not have any off-balance-sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K.

ITEM 7A   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Not applicable.

ITEM 8   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The information called for by this item is included in the Company s consolidated financial statements beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

11 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

Changes in Registrant s Certifying Accountant

On April 20, 2017, the Board of Directors of the Company approved and ratified the dismissal of KLJ   Associates, LLP ( KLJ ) as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017, effective as of February 13, 2017.

KLJ s audit reports on the Company s consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles.

During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and in the subsequent interim period through February 13, 2017, there were (i) no disagreements between the Company and KLJ on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of KLJ, would have caused KLJ to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in their reports on the financial statements for such years, and (ii) no  reportable events  as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K.

On April 20, 2017, the Company s Board of Directors approved and ratified the engagement of MJF   Associates, APC ( MJF ), as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, effective as of February 13, 2017.  The Board of Directors also approved MJF to act as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017.

In deciding to approve and ratify the engagement of MJF, the Board of Directors reviewed auditor independence and existing commercial relationships with MJF, and concluded that MJF has no commercial relationship with the Company that would impair its independence. During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and in the subsequent interim period through February 13, 2017, neither the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf has consulted with MJF on any of the matters or events set forth in Item 304(a)(2) of Regulation S-K.

ITEM 9A   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls

We evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the 2017 fiscal year.  This evaluation was conducted with the participation of our chief executive officer and our principal accounting officer.

Disclosure controls are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information that we are required to be disclosed in the reports we file pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported. 

Limitations on the Effective of Controls

Our management does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all error and fraud.  A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, but no absolute, assurance that the objectives of a control system are met.  Further, any control system reflects limitations on resources, and the benefits of a control system must be considered relative to its costs.  These limitations also include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.  Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of a control.  A design of a control system is also based upon certain assumptions about potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected.

Conclusions

Based upon their evaluation of our controls, the chief executive officer and principal accounting officer have concluded that, subject to the limitations noted above, the disclosure controls are effective providing reasonable assurance that material information relating to us is made known to management on a timely basis during the period when our reports are being prepared.  There were no changes in our internal controls that occurred during the year covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls.  

12 

Table of Contents 

PART III

ITEM 10   DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Directors and Executive Officers

The following table sets forth as of December 19, 2017 the names, positions and ages of our current executive officers and directors. Our directors serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until their successors are elected and qualified. Our officers are elected by the Board and their terms of office are, except to the extent governed by an employment contract, at the discretion of the Board.

Name of Current Director and/or Executive Officer

Age

Position(s)

Umesh Patel (1)

61

Director, Chief Executive Officer

Michael Viotto (2)

66

Director, Chief Financial Officer

(1)

On February 15, 2017, the Board appointed Mr. Patel to serve as a director and the Company s Chief Executive Officer.

(2)

On August 15, 2017, the Board appointed Mr. Viotto to serve as a director and the Company s Chief Financial Officer, effective August 16, 2017.

Umesh Patel

Mr. Patel has served as a director of Nova Lifestyle, Inc. (NASDAQ: NVFY), a furniture manufacturer and retailer, since October, 2016.  Mr. Patel has also served as a managing partner of DviBri LLC, a California-based consulting company providing services to private companies interested in conducting initial public offerings, along with other associated securities and investment services, since December, 2009.  Mr. Patel has been a consultant and coordinator for Eos-Petro Inc., an international and domestic petroleum exploration and production company based in Southern California, since March, 2013.   Mr. Patel received his Bachelor of Commerce degree specializing in audits and accounts, and an Associate degree in hotel management and catering from Maharaja Sayaji Rao University in Baroda, India in 1978.  The Board believes that Mr. Patel is well qualified to serve as a member of the Board and as the Company s Chief Executive Officer due to his extensive regulatory and investment experience. 

Michael Viotto

Mr. Viotto served as President of MJV Consulting Inc. from October, 2014 to August, 2017.  From May, 2013 to January, 2017, Mr. Viotto served as a member of the Board of Directors to Nova Lifestyle, Inc. (NASDAQ: NVFY); as Chairman of its Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and as a member of the Compensation and Audit Committees. From May, 2009 to September, 2014, Mr. Viotto was the President of MJV Financial Inc. and was appointed as exclusive agent for Coface North America, an internationally recognized leader in the Trade Finance Industry.  

Mr. Viotto received his Bachelor of Science Degree in Business Administration from California Polytechnic University in Pomona, California in 1985. The Board has selected Mr. Viotto to serve as a qualified member to the Board due to his extensive experience in the finance industry, including business development and risk assessment and management.

Given the Company s limited operations, it has not adopted a code of ethics applicable to its principal executive officer and principal financial officer.

13 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 11   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Compensation Discussion and Analysis

We currently have two executive officers: our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.  These executives, along with other individuals who served in those positions during the last fiscal year, comprise our  Named Executive Officers  (NEOs) for purposes of applicable SEC disclosure regulations.

Compensation Objectives

We operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing industry. The key objectives of our executive compensation programs are to:

attract, motivate and retain executives who drive our success and industry leadership; and provide each executive, from vice president to CEO, with a base salary on the market value of that role, and

the individual s demonstrated ability to perform that role.

Employment Agreements

We currently have an employment agreement with Michael Viotto, our CFO.  Pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement, dated August 16, 2017, Mr. Viotto receives annual compensation in the amount of $50,000, and the agreement has a term of one year.  Mr. Viotto s employment agreement includes typical clauses relating to noncompetition, nonsolicitation and indemnification of Mr. Viotto in connection with his service as the Company s CFO.

Summary Compensation of Named Executive Officers

The following table summarizes the compensation earned by, awarded to or paid to our NEOs in the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016:

(1)

Mr. Kriukov resigned from his positions as Chief Executive Officer and a director on November 28, 2016.

(2)

Mr. Mikhalkov resigned from his positions as Chief Financial Officer and a director on November 28, 2016.

(3)

Mr. Zhang was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and a director on November 28, 2016, and resigned from those positions on February 15, 2017.

(4)

Mr. Kang was appointed as Chief Financial Officer and a director on November 28, 2016, and resigned from those positions on August 16, 2017.

(5)

Mr. Patel was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and a director on February 15, 2017.

(6)

Mr. Viotto was appointed as Chief Financial Officer and a director on August 16, 2017.

14 

Table of Contents 

Outstanding Equity Awards at September 30, 2017

There were no outstanding stock options and stock awards held by our NEOs as of September 30, 2017.

Compensation of Directors

Our directors did not receive compensation for their service on the board of directors for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016.

ITEM 12   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The following table provides information concerning beneficial ownership of our capital stock as of December 26, 2017 by:

each shareholder or group of affiliated shareholders who owns more than 5% of our outstanding capital stock;

each of our named executive officers;

each of our directors; and all of our directors and

executive officers as a group.

The following table lists the number of shares and percentage of shares beneficially owned based on 45,150,000 shares of our Common Stock outstanding as of December 26, 2017.

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the SEC rules, and generally includes voting power and/or investment power with respect to the securities held. Shares of Common Stock subject to options and warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of December 26, 2017 or issuable upon conversion of convertible securities which are currently convertible or convertible within 60 days of December 26, 2017 are deemed outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding those options, warrants or convertible securities for purposes of computing the number of shares and percentage of shares beneficially owned by that person, but are not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage beneficially owned by any other person. Except as indicated in the footnotes to this table, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons or entities named have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our Common Stock shown as beneficially owned by them.

Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes, the principal address of each of the shareholders below is c/o Fuse Enterprises Inc.,  444 E. Huntington Dr., Suite 105, Arcadia, CA 91006 .

Shares Beneficially Owned

Name of Beneficial Owner

Number

Percent

Directors, Named Executive Officers and 5% Shareholders

Aleksandr Kriukov

Pavel Mikhalkov

Yong Zhang

Choon Kang Roy Tan

Umesh Patel

Michael Viotto

All current directors and executive officers as a group (6 persons)

%

Landbond Home Limited (1)

27,500,000

60.9

%

(1)            Mr. Yong Zhang is the sole director and beneficial owner of the securities held of record by Landbond Home Limited. 

15 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 13   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

For details of related party transactions, see Note 5  Related Party Transaction  to our consolidated financial statements.

Director Independence

Under NASDAQ rule 4200(a)(15), a director is not considered to be independent if he or she is also an executive officer or employee of the corporation.

Our directors, Umesh Patel and Michael Viotto, serve as our CEO and CFO, respectively. As a result, we do not have independent directors on our Board of Directors.  

ITEM 14   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

The following table shows the fees that we paid or accrued for audit and other services for fiscal years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016. All of the services described in the following fee table were approved in conformity with the audit committee s pre-approval process.

Audit Fees

The amounts set forth opposite  Audit Fees  above reflect the aggregate fees billed or billable by KLJ   Associates, LLP ( KLJ ) and MJF   Associates, APC ( MJF ).

KLJ provided professional services for the audit of our fiscal year 2016 and reviews of our quarterly financial statements.

MJF provided professional services for the audit of our fiscal year 2017 financial statements and $16,000 was billed for the audit of financial statements for fiscal 2017, the quarterly review fees $12,500 was billed for 2017 quarterly financial reports.

The Company engaged KLJ until February 13, 2017 (the  Engagement Period ). During the Engagement Period, KLJ did not issue any reports on the Company s consolidated financial statements, and there were no disagreements between the Company and KLJ on matters of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedures.

Tax Fees

The amounts set forth opposite  Tax Fees  above reflect the aggregate fees billed for fiscal 2017 and 2016 for professional services rendered for tax compliance and return preparation. The compliance and return preparation services consisted of the preparation of original and amended tax returns and support during the income tax audit or inquiries.

Our policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services performed by the independent accountants.  These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services.  Under our audit committee s policy, pre-approval is generally provided for particular services or categories of services, including planned services, project based services and routine consultations.  In addition, the audit committee may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis.  Our audit committee approved all services that our independent accountants provided to us in the past two fiscal years.  

16 

Table of Contents 

PART IV

ITEM 15   EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a) (1)    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

The following financial statements, including notes thereto and the independent auditors  report with respect thereto, are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, starting on page F-1 hereof:

1.

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

2.

Report of Independent Public Registered Accounting Firm

3.

Consolidated Balance Sheets

4.

Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income

5.

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity

6.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

7.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(b)          EXHIBITS:

Exhibit Index

Exhibit Number

Description

3.1

Articles of Incorporation. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 24, 2015. 

3.2 

Certificate of Change, dated May 19, 2017.  Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 2, 2017. 

3.3

Bylaws. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 24, 2015. 

10.1

Amended and Restated Promissory Note Purchase Agreement, dated March 20, 2017, by and among the Company, Fuse Trading Limited and Landbond Home Limited.  Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 24, 2017. 

10.2

Promissory Note, dated March 20, 2017, by and between Fuse Trading Limited and Landbond Home Limited.  Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 24, 2017. 

10.3

Consulting and Strategist Agreement, by and between the Fuse Processing, Inc. and Brilliant Star Investment Inc., dated January 4, 2017. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on May 11, 2017. 

10.4 

Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Mr. Michael Viotto, dated August 16, 2017.* 

10.5 

Sublease Agreement, by and between Fuse Processing, Inc. and Wantonga Group, dated January 1, 2017.* 

31.1

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer of Registrant* 

31.2

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer of Registrant* 

32.1

Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer of Registrant. * 

32.2

Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer of Registrant.* 

*Filed herewith

Management agreement.

17 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Fuse Enterprises Inc.

By:

/s/ Umesh Patel

Umesh Patel

Chief Executive Officer

(principal executive officer)

POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Umesh Patel their attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with the power of substitution, for them in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact, or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirement of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacity and on the dates indicated.

Signature

Name and Title

Date

/s/ Umesh Patel

Umesh Patel

December 29, 2017

Chief Executive Officer and

Director

(principal executive officer)

/s/ Michael Viotto

Michael Viotto

December 29, 2017

Chief Financial Officer and Director

(principal financial officer and accounting officer)

18 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

December 28, 2017

Board of Directors and Management

Fuse Enterprises, Inc.

We audited the accompanying       consolidated balance sheet of       Fuse Enterprises, Inc. (the  Company ), as of        September 30, 2017, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders  (deficit) and cash flows for the year then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management.

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2017, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders  (deficit) and cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

The accompanying financial statements were prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern , the Company had an accumulated deficit of $1,614,816 at September 30, 2017, working capital deficit of $1,535,190 and net loss of $1,557,825 for the year ended September 30, 2017 . These conditions raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans are also discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

MJF   Associates, APC

Los Angeles, California

F-1 

Table of Contents 

FUSE ENTERPRISES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-2 

Table of Contents 

FUSE ENTERPRISES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-3 

Table of Contents 

FUSE ENTERPRISES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  (DEFICIT)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-4 

Table of Contents 

FUSE ENTERPRISES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-5 

Table of Contents 

FUSE ENTERPRISES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

SEPTEMBER 30, 2017 and 2016

Note 1   Organization and Operations

Fuse Enterprises Inc. (the  Company  or  Enterprises  or  We ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on December 24, 2013.  Enterprises is currently a full service online marketing agency, but is exploring opportunities in the mining industry. On December 6, 2016, the Company incorporated Fuse Processing, Inc. ( Processing ) in the State of California. Processing seeks business opportunities in the mining industry and is currently investigating potential mining targets in Asia and North America.  Enterprises is the sole shareholder of Processing.  On November 28, 2016, 5,500,000 shares of the common stock of Enterprises, or 60.91% of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock, were sold by Pavel Mikhalkov and Aleksandr Kriukov in a series of private transactions to a new shareholder for an aggregate purchase price of $55,000 (collectively, the  Stock Sales ). In connection with the Stock Sales, Messrs. Mikhalkov and Kriukov released the Company from certain liabilities and obligations arising out of their service as directors and officers of the Company. In March 2017, Processing acquired 100% ownership of Fuse Trading Limited ( Trading ) for HKD1 (US$0.13). Trading had no operations prior to the acquisition by Processing, and Trading expects to be engaged in mining-related businesses. On May 26, 2017, the Company filed a Certificate of Change with the State of Nevada to (i) increase its authorized shares of common stock from 75,000,000 to 375,000,000 and (ii) effect a corresponding 5-for-1 forward stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock (the  Stock Split ).  The consolidated financial statements ( CFS ) were retroactively stated to reflect the Stock Split for the periods presented.

Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation 

The Company s CFS were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). The CFS include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant inter-company transactions and balances were eliminated in consolidation.

Development Stage Company 

Enterprises is a development stage company as defined by section 915-10-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ).  Although the Company has recognized nominal amounts of revenue, it is still devoting substantially all of its efforts on establishing the business.  All losses accumulated since its inception on December 24, 2013 were considered part of the Company s development stage activities.

In June 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements, Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation.

The amendments in this Update remove the definition of a development stage entity from the Master Glossary of the Accounting Standards Codification, thereby removing the financial reporting distinction between development stage entities and other reporting entities from U.S. GAAP. In addition, the amendments eliminate the requirements for development stage entities to (1) present inception-to-date information in the statements of income, cash flows, and shareholder equity, (2) label the financial statements as those of a development stage entity, (3) disclose a description of the development stage activities in which the entity is engaged, and (4) disclose in the first year in which the entity is no longer a development stage entity that in prior years it had been in the development stage.

For public business entities, those amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014, and interim periods therein. Fuse Enterprises adopted ASU No. 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements. The adoption of this ASU allows the Company to remove the inception to date information and all references to the development stage.

Use of Estimates and Assumptions and Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date(s) of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period(s).

F-6 

Table of Contents 

Critical accounting estimates are estimates for which (a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact of the estimate on financial condition or operating performance is material. The Company s critical accounting estimates and assumptions affecting the financial statements were:

(i)

Assumption as a going concern : Management assumes that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.

(ii)

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets:  Management assumes that the realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets resulting from its net operating loss ( NOL ) carry forwards for Federal income tax purposes that may be offset against future taxable income was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management made this assumption based on (a) the Company has incurred recurring losses, (b) general economic conditions, and (c) its ability to raise additional funds to support its daily operations by way of a public or private offering, among other factors.

These significant accounting estimates or assumptions bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to these estimates or assumptions, and certain estimates or assumptions are difficult to measure or value.

Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Management regularly evaluates the key factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances, historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, if deemed appropriate, those estimates are adjusted accordingly.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10 of the FASB ASC for disclosures about fair value ( FV ) of its financial instruments and paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB ASC ( Paragraph 820-10-35-37 ) to measure the FV of its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for measuring FV in U.S. GAAP, and expands disclosures about FV measurements. 

To increase consistency and comparability in FV measurements and related disclosures, Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a FV hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure FV into three (3) broad levels.  The FV hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs.  The three levels of FV hierarchy defined by Paragraph 820-10-35-37 are described below:

Level 1

Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date.

Level 2

Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date.

Level 3

Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data.

Financial assets are considered Level 3 when their FVs are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable.

The FV hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs.  If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described above, the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the FV measurement of the instrument.

The carrying amount of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued expenses, approximate their FV because of the short maturity of those instruments. 

F-7 

Table of Contents 

Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm s-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free-market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm s-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated.

Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less to be cash and cash equivalents.

Accounts Receivable 

The Company maintains reserves for potential credit losses on accounts receivable. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit worthiness, current economic trends and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves.  The Company had no accounts receivable or bad debt allowances at September 30, 2017.

Plant, Property and Equipment 

Plant, property and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, if any. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred; while additions, renewals and improvements are capitalized. When property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation is removed from the respective accounts, and any gain or loss is included in operations. Depreciation of property and equipment is provided using the straight-line method for substantially all assets and estimated lives as follows:

Building and workshops

20 years

Computer and office equipment

5 years

Office furniture

7 years 

Decoration and renovation

10 years

Production machinery

10 years

Autos

5 years

Depreciation of plant, property and equipment attributable to manufacturing activities is capitalized as part of inventories, and expensed to cost of goods sold when inventories are sold.

Related Parties 

The Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the FASB ASC for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. Pursuant to Section 850-10-20 the related parties include: a. affiliates of the Company; b. entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the FV option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825 10 15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; c. trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d. principal owners of the Company; e. management of the Company; f. other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g. other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.

The financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of financial statements is not required in those statements.

The disclosures shall include:  a. the nature of the relationship(s) involved; b. a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c. the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement.

F-8 

Table of Contents 

Commitments and Contingencies 

The Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the FASB ASC to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur.  The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment.

In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. 

If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company s financial statements.  If the assessment indicates that a potential material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed.

Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed.  Management does not believe, based upon information available at this time that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows.

Revenue Recognition 

The Company applies paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB ASC for revenue recognition.  The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned.  The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.

The Company derives its revenues from sales contracts with its customer with revenues being generated upon rendering of services.  Persuasive evidence of an arrangement is demonstrated via invoice; service is considered provided when the service is delivered to the customers; and the sales price to the customer is fixed upon acceptance of the purchase order and there is no separate sales rebate, discount, or volume incentive.

Income Tax Provision 

The Company accounts for income taxes under Section 740-10-30 of the FASB ASC, which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. 

Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse.  Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date.

The estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying balance sheets, as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets recorded on its balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary.

Management makes judgments as to the interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In addition, the Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions. In management s opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates, additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary.

F-9 

Table of Contents 

Uncertain Tax Positions 

The Company follows paragraph 740-10-25 of the FASB ASC. Paragraph 740-10-25-13 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements.  Under paragraph 740-10-25-13, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position.  The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest associated with unrecognized tax benefits are classified as interest expense and penalties are classified in selling, general and administrative expenses in the statements of income.

The Company did not take any uncertain tax positions and had no unrecognized tax liabilities or benefits in accordance with the provisions of Section 740-10-25 at June 30, 2017 and September 30, 2016.  The tax years 2014-2016 remain open to examination for federal income tax purposes and by the other major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject.

Earnings (Loss) per Share 

Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is computed similar to basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if all the potential common shares, warrants and stock options had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. Diluted EPS is based on the assumption that all dilutive convertible shares and stock options and warrants were converted or exercised. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method for the outstanding options and warrants, and the if-converted method for the outstanding convertible instruments. Under the treasury stock method, options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance, if later) and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. Under the if-converted method, outstanding convertible instruments are assumed to be converted into common stock at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance, if later).

Cash Flows Reporting 

The Company follows paragraph  230-10-45-24 of the FASB ASC for cash flows reporting, classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating, investing, or financing activities and provides definitions of each category, and uses the indirect or reconciliation method ( Indirect method ) as defined by paragraph 230-10-45-25 of the FASB ASC to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments.  The Company reports the reporting currency equivalent of foreign currency cash flows, using the current exchange rate at the time of the cash flows and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash held in foreign currencies is reported as a separate item in the reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of cash and cash equivalents and separately provides information about investing and financing activities not resulting in cash receipts or payments in the period pursuant to paragraph 830-230-45-1 of the FASB ASC.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The guidance in ASU 2016-02 supersedes the lease recognition requirements in ASC Topic 840, Leases (FAS 13). ASU 2016-02 requires an entity to recognize assets and liabilities arising from a lease for both financing and operating leases, along with additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect this standard will have on its CFS.

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. ASU 2016-15 clarifies the presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective for public business entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact of ASU 2016-15 on its CFS.

F-10 

Table of Contents 

In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory. This ASU improves the accounting for the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory. For public business entities, the amendments in this update are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this ASU will have a significant impact on its CFS.

In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash. The guidance requires that a statement of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. Therefore, amounts generally described as restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents should be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The standard should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this ASU will have a significant impact on its CFS.

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-01, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business, which clarifies the definition of a business with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions or disposals of assets or businesses. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The standard should be applied prospectively on or after the effective date. The Company will evaluate the impact of adopting this standard prospectively upon any transactions of acquisitions or disposals of assets or businesses.

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04, Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The guidance removes Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test, which requires a hypothetical purchase price allocation. A goodwill impairment will now be the amount by which a reporting unit s carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. The guidance should be adopted on a prospective basis for the annual or any interim goodwill impairment tests beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this standard on its CFS.

Other recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and the SEC did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company s present or future CFS.

Note 3   Going Concern

The accompanying CFS were prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.

As reflected in the accompanying CFS, the Company had an accumulated deficit of $1,614,817 at September 30, 2017, working capital deficit of $1,535,189 and net loss of $1,557,825 for the year ended September 30, 2017, which raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.

Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a private or public offering, or obtaining loans from banks or others.  While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional funds on reasonable terms and conditions, there can be no assurances to that effect.  The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and its ability to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering.

The financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.

F-11 

Table of Contents 

Note 4   Property and Equipment

Property and equipment at September 30, 2017 and 2016 consisted of the following:

Depreciation expense for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 was $1,832 and $1,262, respectively. 

Note 5   Related Party Transactions

Consulting services from President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

Consulting services provided by the President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer for 2016 were as follows:

Accounts Payable   Related Parties 

As of September 30, 2017 and 2016, the Company owed its directors and officers $0 and $27,405 respectively.

Note 6   Deposit and prepaid expenses

As of September 30, 2017 and 2016, the Company had deposit and prepaid expenses of $1,000,000 and $8,532, respectively.  On January 4, 2017, Processing entered into a Consulting and Strategist Agreement with a consulting company for a six-month service term.  On July 3, 2017, the Company and the consulting company agreed to extend the Consulting and Strategist Agreement until January 3, 2018 at no additional cost. The consultant will provide Processing market research findings, exploration and advise on business development opportunities in certain countries, and other general business advisory services. Processing paid a deposit of $1,325,000 for the consulting fee. If Processing does not make any investment or enter into a business relationship with a target located in Mexico by the end of the service term, the consultant will refund Processing $1,000,000 of the consulting fee. During the year ended September 30, 2017, the Company expensed $325,000 prepaid consulting expense, respectively, which was amortized over six months per the terms of the original agreement.

Note 7   Notes receivable and interest receivable

As of September 30, 2017 and 2016, the Company had notes receivable of $3,925,000 and $0, respectively.

During the year ended September 30, 2017, the Company entered a series of promissory note agreements with third-party companies totaling $3,925,000.  These notes have a term of 12 months with interest of 5%, payable at the end of each March, June, September and December following the issue date.  For the year ended September 30, 2017, the Company had interest income of $105,686. As of September 30, 2017, the Company had interest receivable of $0.

F-12 

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth information as to each borrower that accounted for 10% or more of the Company s loan receivable at September 30, 2017.

As of the report date, the Company  collected  all the outstanding balance from the notes receivable in December 2017.

Note 8   Other payables

As of September 30, 2017 and 2016, the Company had other payables of $9,465 and $0, respectively. As of September 30, 2017, other payables consisted of salary and payroll tax payables.

Note 9   Note payable (related party) 

On December 19, 2016, the Company entered into a Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement (the  Original Agreement ) with one of its major shareholders ( Purchaser ). Under the Agreement, the Company sold a Convertible Promissory Note to the lender of $6,869,818 with interest of 6% (the  Original Note ). The Original Note was to mature on the date that is 24 months from the original issue date, and any outstanding principal and interest on the Original Note could be converted at any time prior to maturity at the lender s option at a conversion price of $1.50 per share of the Company s common stock.  There was no beneficial conversion feature for the Original Note due to the conversion price being higher than the stock price at the time of the issuance of the Original Note.

On March 20, 2017, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Promissory Note Purchase Agreement with the major shareholder and Trading (the  Amended Agreement ).  The Amended Agreement amends and restates the Original Agreement.  Under the terms of the Amended Agreement, the existing Original Note issued under the Original Agreement was cancelled and Trading issued a Promissory Note to the Purchaser of $6,869,818, with a term of 12 months, renewable for up to an additional 12 months at the Purchaser s option, with interest of 3% (the  New Note ).  The Purchaser does not have conversion option under the New Note. The principal amount of the New Note and any unpaid interest accrued thereon may become due and payable immediately upon the occurrence of certain events of default, including but not limited to Trading s insolvency or the institution of bankruptcy proceedings against Trading.

As of September 30, 2017, the Company had an outstanding balance of $6,869,818 on the New Note.  During the year ended September 30, 2017, the Company incurred interest expense of $162,586, respectively, and had interest payable of $0 as of September 30, 2017.

Note 10   Shareholders  Equity

Shares Authorized 

Upon formation, the total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Company was authorized to issue was 75,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share. On May 26, 2017, the Company filed a Certificate of Change with the State of Nevada to (i) increase its authorized shares of common stock from 75,000,000 to 375,000,000 and (ii) effect a corresponding 5-for-1 forward stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock (the  Stock Split ).  The CFS were retroactively stated to reflect the Stock Split for the periods presented.

Common Stock 

During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, the Company sold 3,530,000 common shares (prior to 5-for-1 stock split) at $0.01 per share for aggregate proceeds of $35,300.

F-13 

Table of Contents 

Paid in Capital 

During the year ended September 30, 2017, a former shareholder paid certain expenses and liabilities for the Company of $35,115, and a former CEO (Mr. Yong Zhang) contributed his salary of $16,667 earned during his service term to the Company, which were both recorded as an increase of paid in capital.

Note 11   Income Tax

Deferred Tax Assets 

At September 30, 2017 and 2016, the Company had net operating loss ( NOL ) carry forwards for Federal income tax purposes of $1,419,393 and $56,992, respectively, which may be offset against future taxable income through 2034.  No tax benefit was reported with respect to these NOL carry-forwards in the accompanying financial statements because the Company believes the realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets of approximately $315,280 as of September 30, 2017, was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are fully offset by a full valuation allowance.

Components of deferred tax assets are as follows:

Income Tax Provision in the Statements of Operations 

A reconciliation of the consolidated federal statutory income tax rate and the effective income tax rate as a percentage of income before income taxes for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 is as follows:

Note 12   Commitments 

Effective January 1, 2017, Processing, as a sublessee, entered into a sublease agreement for office space with a sublessor for a term of two years. The monthly rent is $1,897. The Company recorded rental expense of $17,073 and $0 for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016,  respectively.   The future annual minimum lease payments as of September 30, 2017 were: $22,764 for the year ending September 30, 2018 and $5,691 for the year ending September 30, 2019.

On April 1, 2017, the Company entered a strategist consulting agreement with a consulting company for a service term of one year. The compensation to the consulting company will be $50,000 per year, payable in equal installments at the end of each month.

Employment Agreements

The Company currently has an employment agreement with Michael Viotto, the Company s CFO.  Pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement, dated August 16, 2017, Mr. Viotto receives annual compensation in the amount of $50,000, and the agreement has a term of one year.  Mr. Viotto s employment agreement includes typical clauses relating to noncompetition, nonsolicitation and indemnification of Mr. Viotto in connection with his service as the Company s CFO.

F-14 

Table of Contents 

Note 13   Concentrations

Customers: 

The following table sets forth information as to each customer that accounted for 10% or more of the Company s revenue for the year ended September 30, 2016.

Note 14   Subsequent Events

The Company follows the guidance in FASB ASC 855-10 for the disclosure of subsequent events. The Company evaluated subsequent events through the date the financial statements were issued and determined the Company did not have any material subsequent events to disclose in its CFS other than the events discussed above.

F-15 

<EX-10.4>
 2
 ex10-4.htm
 EX-10.4

Exhibit 10.4

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the    Agreement   ) is made and entered into on August 16, 2017 (the    Effective Date   ), by and between Fuse Enterprises Inc. a Nevada corporation (the    Company   ), and Michael J. Viotto (the    Executive   ).

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS , the parties desire to enter into this Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of the employment relationship between the Executive and the Company.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.      EMPLOYMENT   . 

1.1      Agreement to Employ   . The Company hereby agrees to employ Executive, and Executive hereby agrees to serve, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, as an officer and employee of the Company. 

1.2      Duties and Schedule   . Executive shall serve as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, and be responsible for the financial management of the entire Company. The Executive shall report directly to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Board of Directors (the     Board    ) and shall have such responsibilities as designated by the Chief Executive Officer or Board to the extent that such responsibilities are not inconsistent with all applicable laws, regulations and rules. Executive shall devote his best efforts and all of his business time to his position with the Company and shall have no other employment with a third party during the Term. 

2.      TERM OF EMPLOYMENT   . Unless Executive s employment shall sooner terminate pursuant to Section 4, the Company shall employ Executive for a one-year term commencing on the date hereof (the     Term    ), which Term shall be renewable upon mutual agreement of the Company and the Executive, as approved by the Board. 

3.      COMPENSATION   . 

3.1          Salary   . Executive s salary during the Term shall be $50,000 per year (the     Salary    ), payable monthly. 

3.2         Bonus   . At the sole discretion of the Board, or any committee duly designated by the Board and authorized to act thereto, the Executive shall be eligible for an annual cash bonus. 

3.3      Vacation   . Executive shall be entitled to 8 days of paid vacation per year. In the event that Executive remains employed by the Company 3 years past the end of the Term, Executive shall be entitled to 12 days of paid vacation. 

3.4      Business Expenses   . Executive shall be reimbursed by the Company for all ordinary and necessary expenses incurred by Executive; provided that they are incurred and approved in writing in accordance with the Company s expense policy. 

4.      TERMINATION   . 

4.1         Death   . This Agreement shall terminate immediately upon the death of Executive and Executive s estate or Executive s legal representative, as the case may be, shall be entitled to Executive s accrued and unpaid Salary and vacation as of the date of Executive s death, plus all other compensation and benefits that were vested through the date of Executive s death. 

4.2      Disability   . In the event of Executive s Disability, this Agreement shall terminate and Executive shall be entitled to (a) accrued and unpaid Salary and vacation through the first date that a Disability is determined; and (b) all other compensation and benefits that were vested through the first date that a Disability has been determined. 

4.3      Termination by Company for Cause   .  The Company may terminate the Executive for Cause without notice and such termination shall take effect upon the receipt by Executive of the Notice of Termination. Upon the effective date of the termination for Cause, Executive shall be solely entitled to accrued and unpaid Salary through such effective date. 

4.4      Voluntary Termination by Executive   . The Executive may voluntarily terminate his employment for any reason and such termination shall take effect 30 days after the receipt by Company of the Notice of Termination. Upon the effective date of such termination, Executive shall be entitled to (a) accrued and unpaid Salary and vacation through such termination date; and (b) all other compensation and benefits that were vested through such termination date.  In the event Executive is terminated without notice, it shall be deemed a termination by the Company for Cause. 

4.5       Notice of Termination   . Any termination of the employment by the Company or the Executive shall be communicated by a notice in accordance with Section 8.4 of this Agreement (the     Notice of Termination    ).   Such notice shall (a) indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and (b) if the termination is for Cause, the date on which the Executive s employment is to be terminated. 

4.6       Severance   . The Executive shall not be entitled to severance payments upon any termination provided in Section 4 herein. 

5.      EMPLOYEE S REPRESENTATION   . The Executive represents and warrants to the Company that: (a) he is subject to no contractual, fiduciary or other obligation which may affect the performance of his duties under this Agreement; (b) he has terminated, in accordance with their terms, any contractual obligation which may affect his performance under this Agreement; and (c) his employment with the Company will not require him to use or disclose proprietary or confidential information of any other person or entity. 

6.      CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION    Except as permitted or directed by the Board of Directors of the Company in writing, during the time the Executive is employed by the Company or at any time thereafter, the Executive shall not use for his personal purposes nor divulge, furnish, or make accessible to anyone or use in any way (other than in the ordinary course of the business of the Company) any confidential or secret information or knowledge of the Company, whether developed by himself or by others. Such confidential and/or secret information encompassed by this Section 6 includes, but is not limited to, the Company s customer and supplier lists, business plans, software, systems, and financial, marketing, and personnel information. The Executive agrees to refrain from any acts or omissions that would reduce the value of any confidential or secret knowledge or information to the Company, both during his employment hereunder and at any time after the termination of his employment. The Executive s obligations of confidentiality under this Section 6 shall not apply to any knowledge or information that is now published publicly or that subsequently becomes generally publicly known, other than as a direct or indirect result of a breach of this Agreement by the Executive. 

7.         NON-COMPETITION: NON-SOLICITATION; INVENTIONS   . 

7.1         Non-Competition   .  During the employment of the Executive under this Agreement and for a period of six (6) months after termination of such employment, the Executive shall not at any time compete on his own behalf, or on behalf of any other person or entity, with the Company or any of its affiliates within all territories in which the Company does business with respect to the business of the Company or any of its affiliates as such business shall be conducted on the date hereof or during the employment of the Executive under this Agreement. The ownership by the Executive of not more than 5% of a corporation, partnership or other enterprise shall not constitute a violation hereof. 

7.2         Non-Solicitation   .  During the employment of the Executive under this Agreement and thereafter Executive shall not at any time (i) solicit or induce, on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity, any employee of the Company or any of its affiliates to leave the employ of the Company or any of its affiliates; or (ii) solicit or induce, on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity, any customer or Prospective Customer of the Company or any of their respective affiliates to reduce its business with the Company or any of its affiliates. For the purposes of this Agreement,     Prospective Customer     shall mean any individual, corporation, trust or other business entity which has either (a) entered into a nondisclosure agreement with the Company or any Company subsidiary or affiliate or (b) has within the preceding 12 months received a currently pending and not rejected written proposal in reasonable detail from the Company or any of the Company s subsidiary or affiliate. 

7.3      Inventions and Patents   . The Company shall be entitled to the sole benefit and exclusive ownership of any inventions or improvements in products, processes, or other things that may be made or discovered by Executive while he is in the service of the Company, and all patents for the same. During the Term, Executive shall do all acts necessary or required by the Company to give effect to this section and, following the Term, Executive shall do all acts reasonably necessary or required by the Company to give effect to this section.  In all cases, the Company shall pay all costs and fees associated with such acts by Executive. 

7.4      Return of Property   .  The Executive agrees that all property in the Executive s possession that he obtains or is assigned in the course of his employment with the Company, including, without limitation, all documents, reports, manuals, memoranda, customer lists, credit cards, keys, access cards, and all other property relating in any way to the business of the Company, is the exclusive property of the Company, even if the Executive authored, created, or assisted in authoring or creating such property. The Executive shall return to the Company all such property immediately upon termination of employment or at such earlier time as the Company may request. 

7.5         Court Ordered Revisions   .     If any portion of this Section 7 is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, but would be valid and enforceable if modified, this Section 7 shall apply with such modifications necessary to make this Section 7 valid and enforceable.  Any portion of this Section 7 not required to be so modified shall remain in full force and effect and not be affected thereby. 

7.6      Specific Performance   . The Executive acknowledges that the remedy at law for any breach of any of the provisions of Section 7 will be inadequate, and that the Company shall be entitled, in addition to any remedy at law or in equity, to preliminary and permanent injunctive relief and specific performance. 

8.      MISCELLANEOUS   . 

8.1      Indemnification   .  The Company and each of its subsidiaries shall, to the maximum extent provided under applicable law, indemnify and hold Executive harmless from and against any expenses, including reasonable attorney s fees, judgments, fines, settlements and other legally permissible amounts (    Losses    ), incurred in connection with any proceeding arising out of, or related to, Executive s employment by the Company, other than any such Losses incurred as a result of Executive s negligence or willful misconduct.  The Company shall, or shall cause a subsidiary thereof to, advance to Executive any expenses, including attorney s fees and costs of settlement, incurred in defending any such proceeding to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.  Such costs and expenses incurred by Executive in defense of any such proceeding shall be paid by the Company or applicable subsidiary in advance of the final disposition of such proceeding promptly upon receipt by the Company of (a) written request for payment; (b) appropriate documentation evidencing the incurrence, amount and nature of the costs and expenses for which payment is being sought; and (c) an undertaking adequate under applicable law made by or on behalf of Executive to repay the amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined pursuant to any non-appealable judgment or settlement that Executive is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company or any subsidiary thereof.  The Company will provide Executive with coverage under all directors and officers liability insurance policies that it has in effect during the Term, with no deductible to Executive. 

8.2      Applicable Law   . Except as may be otherwise provided herein, this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, applied without reference to principles of conflict of laws. 

8.3      Amendments   . This Agreement may not be amended or modified otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto or their respective successors or legal representatives. 

8.4      Notices   .  All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given by hand-delivery to the other party, by an international mail courier, or by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows: 

If to the Executive:

Michael J. Viotto

c/o Fuse Enterprises, Inc.

444 E. Huntington Dr., Ste. 105

Arcadia, CA 91006

With a copy to (which shall not constitute a notice):

If to the Company:

444 E. Huntington Dr., Ste. 105

Arcadia, CA 91006

Attn:  Board of Directors

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Garvey Schbuert Barer

1000 Potomac Street NW, 2 nd  Floor

Washington, DC 20007

Jeffrey Li

Or to such other address as either party shall have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith.  Notices and communications shall be effective when delivered to the addressee.

8.5      Withholding   . The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under the Agreement, such federal, state and local income, unemployment, social security and similar employment related taxes and similar employment related withholdings as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 

8.6      Severability   . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, and any such provision which is not valid or enforceable in whole shall be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law. 

8.7      Captions   . The captions of this Agreement are not part of the provisions and shall have no force or effect. 

8.8      Entire Agreement   . This Agreement contains the entire agreement among the parties concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, discussions, negotiations and undertakings, whether written or oral, between the parties with respect thereto. 

8.9      Survival   . The respective rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall survive any termination of this Agreement or the Executive s employment hereunder to the extent necessary to the intended preservation of such rights and obligations. 

8.10      Waiver   . Either Party's failure to enforce any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision or provisions, or prevent that party thereafter from enforcing each and every other provision of this Agreement. 

8.11      Successors   .  This Agreement is personal to Executive and, without the prior express written consent of the Company, shall not be assignable by Executive. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive s estate, heirs, beneficiaries, and/or legal representatives. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns. 

8.12      Joint Efforts/Counterparts   . Preparation of this Agreement shall be deemed to be the joint effort of the parties hereto and shall not be construed more severely against any party.  This Agreement may be signed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

8.13      Representation by Counsel   .   Each Party hereby represents that it has had the opportunity to be represented by legal counsel of its choice in connection with the negotiation and execution of this Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 3
 ex10-5.htm
 EX-10.5

Exhibit 10.5  

Sublease Agreement

Effective Date of this Agreement:             1/1/2017  (the "Effective Date")  

This Agreement is by and between        Wantongda Group  ("Sublessor") 

AND            Fuse Processing Inc.  , ("Sublessee")

Background

A.

This is an agreement (the "Agreement" or the "Sublease") to sublet real  property according to the terms specified below.

B.

The Sublessee and Sublessor are herein referred to individually as a "Patty" and collectively as "Parties."

C.

The Lessor is the holder of the Master Lease (hereinafter defined) with respect to the Premises (hereinafter defined). The Master Lease is the applicable lease with respect to the Premises between the Lessor and the Sublessor.

IN CONSIDERATION OF  the Sublessor subletting and the Sublessee renting the Subleased Premises (hereinafter defined), both Parties agree to keep, perform and fulfill the promises, conditions and agreements below:

1.     Subleased Premises  

The Sublessor leases to the Sublessee the Premises (the "Subleased Premises," hereinafter defined). The Premises are herein referred to as that certain property more commonly known as [444 E. Huntington Dr.  #105,  Arcadia, CA  91007  ]("Premises").

The term (the "Term") of the Sublease is estimated   January     1st, 2017   and ending December 31, 2018

3.

Payable Rent 

Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the adjusted monthly rent (the "Payable Rent") to be paid by Sublessee to Sublessor pursuant to the terms herein for the Subleased Premises is  [$1896.62 per month]. 

To avoid any ambiguity, the Sublessee and Sublessor hereby acknowledge and agree that the Sublessee shall in no event be obligated  or required to pay the Total Subleased Premises Rental Rate to any party and that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Sublessee shall only be obligated hereunder to pay the Payable Rent.

All rental payments should be paid directly to the Sublessor by mailing such payment (in immediately available funds) to Sublessor at the address in the introductory paragraph of this

agreement or at such other place as the Sublessor may designate at any time by giving notice thereof to Sublessee pursuant to Section 4 of this Agreement.

4.     Notices and Records  

4a.  Any notice that either party may or is required to give, shall be given by mailing the same, postage prepaid, to the Sublessee at the address in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement, or the Sublessor at the address in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement, or at such other places as may be designated by the Parties in writing from time to time.

4b.   In consideration of the Facilitator's facilitation of this Agreement between the Parties, the Parties herein agree to provide copies of any such notice to the Facilitator, at the same time that notice is given to the other Party. The Parties furthermore agree to provide the Facilitator with copies or digital scans of all Payable Rent checks  ,   correspondence between the two Parties  ,   and other documentation relevant to or concerning this Agreement. Such documentation shall be sent on a yearly basis and upon the request of the Facilitator to such address or electronic mail address as may be designated by the Facilitator in writing from time to time. Both Parties agree that the Facilitator shall retain full ownership of, and may reproduce, disclose, or release to the public any such documents at any time, at the Facilitator's sole and absolute discretion. 

Uses Permitted.  The Sublessee may occupy and use the premises  (a)  for office use  (b)  for any lawful purpose. The Sublessee may occupy or use the Subleased Premises in this manner  (a)  during the normal business hours of the Premises  (b)  at any time. The Subleased Premises shall be for no other purpose. The Sublessor represents that the Subleased Premises may lawfully be used for such purpose.

6.

Security Deposit 

No security deposit shall be required of the Sublessee for the Subleased Premises.

7.     Entire Agreement  

The Parties acknowledge that this Agreement expresses their entire understanding and Agreement, and that there have been no warranties, representations, covenants or understandings made by either party to the other except such as are expressly set forth in this section. The Parties further acknowledge that this Agreement supersedes, terminates and otherwise renders null and void any and all prior Agreements or contracts, whether written or oral, entered into between the Sublessee and the Sublessor with respect to the matters expressly set forth  in  this Agreement.

Understood, Agreed     Approved

We have carefully reviewed this contract and agree to and accept all of its terms and conditions. We are executing this Agreement as of the Effective Date above.

</EX-10.5>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1

RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION FOR FORM 10-K (CEO) CERTIFICATION

I, Umesh Patel, certify that:

1.

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Fuse Enterprises Inc.;

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a.

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the Company by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b.

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c.

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d.

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a.

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b.

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.

Date: December 29, 2017

By:  

/s/ Umesh Patel

Umesh Patel

Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2

RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION FOR FORM 10-K (CFO) CERTIFICATION

I, Michael Viotto, certify that:

1.

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Fuse Enterprises Inc.;

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a.

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to the Company by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b.

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c.

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d.

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a.

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b.

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.

Date: December 29, 2017

By:

/s/ Michael Viotto

Michael Viotto

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION (CEO) 1350

FUSE ENTERPRISES INC.

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Fuse Enterprises Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2017, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Umesh Patel, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: December 29, 2017

/s/ Umesh Patel

Umesh Patel

Chief Executive Officer

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION (CFO) 1350

FUSE ENTERPRISES INC.

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Fuse Enterprises Inc., the  Company , on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2017, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, the  Report , I, Michael Viotto, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: December 29, 2017

Michael Viotto

Michael Viotto

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 fsnt-20170930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 fsnt-20170930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 fsnt-20170930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 fsnt-20170930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 fsnt-20170930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 fsnt-20170930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

